1. Lexica.art 
2. Descript 
3. Mubert - Music generated by Mubert https://mubert.com/render
4. Uberduck.ai
5. Nvidia Canvas
6. Replicate.com
7. Lumalabs.ai
8. ChatGPT
9. Supermeme.ai
10. Kaiber.ai
1. Hocoos AI Website Builder.
To create a free website using this AI tool, go to the Hocoos AI website. You can find the link in the video description. Enter your email address and click the Create My Website button to begin. Choose your website category from the list or enter your own theme in the prompt bar. Click Continue and select the services you want to offer. After that, choose your website target or purpose and add your business address , or choose online business only if you don't have a physical address. 

2. LEIA AI Website Builder.
This AI website builder is incredibly easy to use. Go to the LEIA AI website, link provided in this video description and click the Get Started button. Enter your business or category and click Next to continue. You have the option to answer AI questions for detailed creation or simply click Just Build My Website for a simpler process. Enter your email address to confirm you're not a bot, as this AI tool is not fond of bots. 


3. Pineapple AI Website Builder.
Pineapple AI also offers a free plan to create and host your website. To start using this AI tool, click the Try Now for Free button. Choose a website category from the options or type your desired creation in the prompt bar. Click Next to continue. Select your main goal from the menu or describe your own goal. Choose your project stage and click Finish. Now, select your website base template and click AI Customize to proceed. Customize your color palette, text style, and button style, and click Next when you're done.

4. KLEAP AI Website Builder.
To generate a free website using this AI tool, click the Claim Your Website button. Select your website category and goal. Enter your business name and click Next. Provide information about your business, such as the address, phone number, and company logo. You can also add your own images and social media links. Click Next after entering all the necessary details. Once the AI tool finishes generating your website, you can directly edit it. 

FREE AI Website Builder Video Sections :
